[MWAN/MT] Added info on where to config ipsec (#8661)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/magic-transit/_partials/_ipsec.md

  publishResources: false
  render: never
  list: never
inputParameters: productName;;productURL;;tunnelEndpoints
---

# IPsec tunnels

[IPsec](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/network-layer/what-is-ipsec/) is a group of protocols that are used together to set up encrypted connections between devices. It helps keep data sent over public networks secure. IPsec is often used to set up VPNs, and it works by encrypting IP packets, along with authenticating the source where the packets come from.

> If you are looking for information on how to set up an IPsec tunnel, refer to [Configure tunnel endpoints]($3). To learn more about the configuration parameters $1 uses to create an IPsec tunnel, keep reading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information on how to set up an IPsec tunnel, refer to [Configure tunnel endpoints](/magic-transit/how-to/configure-tunnels/). To learn more about the configuration parameters $1 uses to create an IPsec tunnel, keep reading.
```

Not sure what is happening here with the $1 but I will leave that to you? Build has failed so can't see the preview branch.

Author: `$1` is a variable that's replaced by the correct URL path, depending on what docs customers are reading (Magic Transit or Magic WAN). So, I can't hardcode a URL here. 

I've already redeployed the build, but still waiting on Pages to finish its thing
